This is a novel written in the style of J.R.R. Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings fantasy novel trilogy. It is a parody of the following passage:

“S. Jane Morland was born in Shoreditch, the only child of unmarried parents who had both died of consumption when she was a baby. As her parents had no money, the great-aunt who had brought her up took her to live with a clergyman who paid her to do his chores and receive schooling from his wife, so that at the age of seven Jane, now dressed in cast-off clothing, was set to school at Eton. After three years, her great-aunt died, leaving her a small annuity, and a few pieces of silver, but no property. Jane’s guardian clergyman had fallen in love with his housekeeper and his wife now refused to have Jane in the house, saying it was an offence to the pure and unsullied place in which the family now lived. However, when she sought for further employment, she was approached by a young man who offered to marry her, saying that he would ensure she could be provided with food and clothing and a house, and in that manner she could remain in the world. The marriage was arranged and she found herself married to a young man called Mr Morland. As he was also a child, he required a wife who would be able to provide him with a rational education, and so the duty of educating him fell upon Jane Morland. As he was still young, she would also be able to have children herself, and so she did. As the children grew older, it became apparent to Mrs Morland that they were of poor character, and so she insisted that her husband must make a living for them all. Mr Morland took it upon himself to become a private gentleman in order to earn enough to be able to support his family, and moved his family to a small town in Berkshire, where he set up his practice. Soon after moving to the town, he died, and Mrs Morland was left to take care of her family on her own.”

Tolkien rewrote the previous passage in a high-fantasy style, keeping the same meaning but making it sound like he wrote it as a fantasy; his parody follows:
